=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Test::NoTabs - Check the presence of tabs in your project

=head1 VERSION

version 2.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

C<Test::NoTabs> lets you check the presence of tabs in your perl code. It
report its results in standard C<Test::Simple> fashion:

  use Test::NoTabs tests => 1;
  notabs_ok( 'lib/Module.pm', 'Module is tab free');

Module authors can include the following in a t/notabs.t and have C<Test::NoTabs>
automatically find and check all perl files in a module distribution:

  use Test::NoTabs;
  all_perl_files_ok();

or

  use Test::NoTabs;
  all_perl_files_ok( @mydirs );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module scans your project/distribution for any perl files (scripts,
modules, etc) for the presence of tabs.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 all_perl_files_ok( [ @directories ] )

Applies C<notabs_ok()> to all perl files found in C<@directories> (and sub
directories). If no <@directories> is given, the starting point is one level
above the current running script, that should cover all the files of a typical
CPAN distribution. A perl file is *.pl or *.pm or *.t or a file starting
with C<#!...perl>

If the test plan is defined:

  use Test::NoTabs tests => 3;
  all_perl_files_ok();

the total number of files tested must be specified.

=head2 notabs_ok( $file [, $text] )

Run a tab check on C<$file>. For a module, the path (lib/My/Module.pm) or the
name (My::Module) can be both used.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=for stopwords Emanuele Florian Lindner Ragwitz Zeppieri rafl

Inspired by some code written by Paul Lindner.

L<Test::Strict> was used as an example when creating this module and
distribution.

Rick Myers and Emanuele Zeppieri also provided valuable feedback.

Patch to fix warnings provided by Florian Ragwitz (rafl)

Currently maintained by Tomas Doran (t0m) C<bobtfish@bobtfish.net>

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Test::More>, L<Test::Pod>. L<Test::Distribution>, L<Test::NoWarnings>

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Test-NoTabs>
(or L<bug-Test-NoTabs@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Test-NoTabs@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://lists.perl.org/list/perl-qa.html>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#perl> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#perl-qa>.

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item *

Nick Gerakines <nick@socklabs.com>

=item *

Tomas Doran (t0m) <bobtfish@bobtfish.net>

=back

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Nick Gerakines Prakash Kailasa Justin Cook

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Nick Gerakines <nick@gerakines.net>

=item *

Prakash Kailasa <pk-github@kailasa.net>

=item *

Justin Cook <jscook@users.noreply.github.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2006 by Nick Gerakines.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
